Add short tutorial about trajectories (#704)
HumanCompatibleAI/imitation: docs/tutorials/trajectories.rst

Reviewer: I wouldn't mind seeing something discussing whether these trajectory objects can only be used for imitation algorithms or can also be used for stable baselines3 or offline RL algorithms, and how. I have been using a lot of imitation primitives, including the trajectories object, in projects where I don't actually do any imitation learning, just because the helper tools and data types are quite good.

Author: I am happy to include this here but I have never used the imitation primitives outside the library so I don't feel like I have a lot to say. If you could tell me the main points that I should include I will turn them into a coherent text.

Author: I moved this to a new issue so we can deal with it in a separate PR #719

==========================
Handle Expert Trajectories
==========================

> For imitation learning we need expert trajectories.

Reviewer 2: I think for e.g. preference comparison non-expert trajectories are stored with this same data structure right? And adversarial methods use this for the non-expert policy to train/evaluate against the discriminator?

Author: Good point! I will adjust the wording to reflect this.

In this library they are stored in a :class:`Trajectory <imitation.data.types.Trajectory>` dataclass:

.. code-block:: python

    @dataclasses.dataclass(frozen=True)
    class Trajectory:
        obs: np.ndarray
        """Observations, shape (trajectory_len + 1, ) + observation_shape."""

        acts: np.ndarray
        """Actions, shape (trajectory_len, ) + action_shape."""

>         infos: Optional[np.ndarray]

Reviewer 2: Or document it in the code

>         infos: Optional[np.ndarray]

Author: It is called `info` just like the `info` dict returned by the [`step()` method of the environments](https://gymnasium.farama.org/api/env/#gymnasium.Env.step). I totally agree that the name is not very descriptive, but I still think it is a good idea to keep the same name as the gym API dictates.
In fact, the `info` dict is used for all kinds of information that needs to be funneled through the gym API. Therefore it can not really be any more descriptive. It is a questionable part of the gym API ...

I ensured that the shape is defined in the same way as for the fields above, and in code added some more detailed explanation.

        """An array of info dicts, length trajectory_len."""

        terminal: bool
        """Does this trajectory (fragment) end in a terminal state?"""

:class:`TrajectoryWithRew <imitation.data.types.TrajectoryWithRew>` have another :class:`rews <imitation.data.types.TrajectoryWithRew.rews>` field, which is an array of rewards of shape `(trajectory_len, )`.

Usually, they are passed around as sequences of trajectories.

Some algorithms do not care about entire trajectories, but only for individual
:class:`Transitions <imitation.data.types.Transitions>` (:func:`flattened <imitation.data.rollout.flatten_trajectories>` trajectories).

Generating Trajectories
-----------------------

> To generate trajectories from a given (expert) policy, run the following command:

Author: Yes. For example, when we train a policy and want to evaluate it, we generate some trajectories and compute their rewards. I took out the mention of the expert here.

.. code-block:: python

    import numpy as np
    from imitation.data.rollout import rollout

    your_trajectories = rollout(
        your_policy,
        your_env,
        sample_until=make_sample_until(timesteps=1000),
        rng=np.random.default_rng(),
    )

Storing/Loading Trajectories
----------------------------

> Trajectories can be stored on disk or uploaded to the HuggingFace Dataset Hub.

Reviewer 2: It looks like this code shows how to save to disk not to a HF dataset?

Author: This code shows how to save to disk as a HuggingFace Dataset.
#705 contains instructions on how to upload/download to/from the HuggingFace Hub.

==========================
Handle Expert Trajectories
==========================

> For imitation learning we need trajectories.

Reviewer: I guess it depends on how much you want to explain this / who the audience is, but briefly explaining what a trajectory is could be a good start.

Author: Good point. I added a short explanation.

Some are generated by experts and serve as demonstrations,
others are generated by the agent and serve as training data for a discriminator.
In this library they are stored in a :class:`Trajectory <imitation.data.types.Trajectory>` dataclass:

.. code-block:: python

    @dataclasses.dataclass(frozen=True)
    class Trajectory:
        obs: np.ndarray
        """Observations, shape (trajectory_len + 1, ) + observation_shape."""

        acts: np.ndarray
        """Actions, shape (trajectory_len, ) + action_shape."""

        infos: Optional[np.ndarray]

>             """An array of info dicts, shape (trajectory_len, )."""

Reviewer: Either link to what info dicts are for, or briefly explain. This is confusing to someone who doesn't fully understand gym already

Author: Good point! I linked to the reference documentation of Trajectory and to the gymnasium documentation.

        terminal: bool
        """Does this trajectory (fragment) end in a terminal state?"""

:class:`TrajectoryWithRew <imitation.data.types.TrajectoryWithRew>` is a subclass of
:class:`Trajectory <imitation.data.types.Trajectory>` and has another
:class:`rews <imitation.data.types.TrajectoryWithRew.rews>` field,
which is an array of rewards of shape `(trajectory_len, )`.

Usually, they are passed around as sequences of trajectories.

> Some algorithms do not care about entire trajectories, but only for individual
> :class:`Transitions <imitation.data.types.Transitions>` (:func:`flattened <imitation.data.rollout.flatten_trajectories>` trajectories).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some algorithms do not need as much information about the ordering of states, actions and rewards. Rather than using trajectories, these algorithms can make use of individual
:class:`Transitions <imitation.data.types.Transitions>` (:func:`flattened <imitation.data.rollout.flatten_trajectories>` trajectories).
```

Generating Trajectories
-----------------------

> To generate trajectories from a given policy, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: Might be good to explain what `sample_until` does here i.e. does it sample complete episodes or does it cut off the last episode.

Author: Good point. The kwarg should have been `min_timesteps` instead of `timesteps`. Then it is more clear.

I don't want to get lost in details in this high-level tutorial so decided to just go with `min_episodes`. Then the questions does not even come up when reading the example code.
